Hmm
me
alba. Hello, everyone can see the net
Only by looking at score up limited practice course lesson
This time is a tea shot
I think that you will often get the driver in the hall on the third floor of the fur
It is very important to earn a distance with the driver and release after the second shot
But I also'm true that would bend the ball in the other hand driver where this
Like a hall
In the hall to get fairway is narrow or or ob to the eye
Let's use fairway wood
The height of the tea-up
Please tea up
The position of the ball is on the left armpit
The grip is
Hold it short like this and try to beat it correctly
Please keep a 70% swing so that you can keep balance at the finish
As you can see from the above four points
Do not be cautious just because you hold the fairway wood
Keep a good shot and try hard
Let's capture
Let's hit it
How was everyone
Raw student tee shot is directly connected to the score
Let's by all means please try to practice from the next loud So met or your